when I was a kid there was like a just us want to be something there that
impacted someone in a positive way of course you know being from
the south to you the big thing is playing football so it was always
important to me that you know impressed my family in France by being
a star athlete so I want to be a a linebacker for the Atlanta Falcons
or the ravens you know I am related ray Lewis a lot outside of that
are I'm just kind of want to be a country kid you know enjoy working
on cars and fission and stuff like that so whatever that I could
do that I enjoy helping people it was going to make me some money
and doing it to take care of my family you know just that was happy
with that as long as I got to go home to my home at the end of the day
and you know work all colors and go fishing with my family and that
was about it